sandwurm convergence          's best match is convergence of dominion                  with match convergence         
shock                         's best match is spellshock                               with match shock               
palace jailer                 's best match is opal palace                              with match palace              
frantic search                's best match is search the city                          with match search              
rules lawyer                  's best match is mob rule                                 with match rule                
razorfield ripper             's best match is persecute artist                         with match per                 
cephalid looter               's best match is looter il-kor                            with match looter              
murasa ranger                 's best match is pulse of murasa                          with match murasa              
teferi's protege              's best match is oath of teferi                           with match teferi              
thirst for meaning            's best match is sorin's thirst                           with match thirst              
poetic ingenuity              's best match is ingenuity engine                         with match ingenuity           
touch of moonglove            's best match is moonglove changeling                     with match moonglove           
vat of rebirth                's best match is rebirth                                  with match rebirth             
young wei recruits            's best match is forever young                            with match young               
hour of eternity              's best match is eternity snare                           with match eternity            
arcane artisan                's best match is artisan of forms                         with match artisan             
urgoros, the empty one        's best match is one does not                             with match one                 
ondu greathorn                's best match is thornscape familiar                      with match thorn               
ebony charm                   's best match is charmed griffin                          with match charm               
prismari command              's best match is galazeth prismari                        with match prismari            
igneous cur                   's best match is curious cadaver                          with match cur                 
colossal rattlewurm           's best match is wild colos                               with match colos               
etherium sculptor             's best match is master of etherium                       with match etherium            
goblin researcher             's best match is shambling goblin                         with match goblin              
wildheart invoker             's best match is the crowd goes wild                      with match wild                
ghost-lit drifter             's best match is drifter il-dal                           with match drifter             
cyclone sire                  's best match is unpredictable cyclone                    with match cyclone             
stupor                        's best match is portcullis                               with match por                 
kavu primarch                 's best match is marchesa's emissary                      with match march               
gruul guildmage               's best match is guildmages' forum                        with match guildmage           
fieldmist borderpost          's best match is electrostatic field                      with match field               
lutri, pauper otter           's best match is otterball antics                         with match otter               
rod of spanking               's best match is king suleiman                            with match king                
animating faerie // bring to life's best match is mayael the anima                         with match anima               
tameshi, reality architect    's best match is architects of will                       with match architect           
double down                   's best match is body double                              with match double              
safehold sentry               's best match is sentry of the underworld                 with match sentry              
edifice of authority          's best match is authority of the consuls                 with match authority           
kamiz, obscura oculus         's best match is oculus                                   with match oculus              
champion of arashin           's best match is soltari champion                         with match champion            
inner struggle                's best match is struggle for skemfar                     with match struggle            
falkenrath exterminator       's best match is exterminator magmarch                    with match exterminator        
tasigur, the golden fang      's best match is fangren pathcutter                       with match fang                
kharasha foothills            's best match is roar of the kha                          with match kha                 
immortal phoenix              's best match is squee, the immortal                      with match immortal            
druid's familiar              's best match is familiar's ruse                          with match familiar            
twisted landscape             's best match is landscaper colos                         with match landscape           
parting gust                  's best match is cathartic parting                        with match parting             
thoughtcutter agent           's best match is perish the thought                       with match thought             
doublecast                    's best match is body double                              with match double              
